README.md, before:

# Redux Feedback Loop


>Do not clone this repository. Instead, download the zip, extract the contents, create a new GitHub repository and `git init`, `git add .`, `git commit -m "initial commit - base project"` and add your remote. Please do this before you leave for the day.

**PLEASE COMMENT YOUR CODE.**

"And my last reminder of the day, which is my last reminder of every day, is...?" - Luke

 For this assignment, you will be creating a feedback form modeled after Prime's system. Feedback will be collected over 4 views. In a separate review page, display the current feedback values and a submit button. and when all steps are complete, your app will save the feedback in the database. 

### SETUP

Create your database and tables using the provided `data.sql` file. Start the server.

```
npm install
npm run server
```

Now that the server is running, open a new terminal tab with `cmd + t` and start the react client app.

```
npm run client
```

### ADD NEW FEEDBACK

> NOTE: As a baseline requirement, you must use Redux to store your data across views.

Create a multi-part form that allows users to leave feedback for today. 
There will be 4 views for the form parts.

The parts:
- How are you feeling today?
![feeling](wireframes/feeling.png)
- How well are you understanding the content?
![understanding](wireframes/understanding.png)
- How well are you being supported?
![support](wireframes/supported.png)
- Any comments you want to leave?
![comments](wireframes/comments.png)

While there is no nav bar, each part of the form should be at its own route. Clicking next should move the user to the appropriate step in the process.

### Input Validation

Each step should only allow the user to advance to the next step if a score was provided. Be sure to tell the user in some way that a value must be provided.

The `Comments` step does not need to be validated, an empty value is okay.

## THE REVIEW COMPONENT

The last step of the process will allow the user to review their feedback. Users are not able to change their input on this step or go back for Base Mode. 

![comments](wireframes/review-active.png)

## SUBMIT THE FEEDBACK

The `Review` step needs to have a submit button which will be clicked on to actually submit the completed feedback to the server.

When the submit button is clicked, save the submission in the database. The user should see a submission success page. They can then click the button to take a new survey, which needs to reset all the data and go back to the first step.

![understanding](wireframes/page-five.png)


## STRETCH GOALS

> NOTE: These stretch goals are intended to be completed in order.

### UPDATE SCORES

Allow the user to go back to a previous step and change their score. You still need to disallow empty values!


### ADMIN SECTION

Display all of the existing feedback at the route `/admin`. The most recently added feedback should appear at the top of the list. Allow the user to delete existing feedback. Prompt the user to confirm prior to deleting the feedback from the database.

![display feedback](wireframes/admin.png)

### OTHER FEATURES

- Update this README.md to describe the project in your own words
- Improve the styling of the app using Material-UI theme, cards, snackbars, buttons, nav bar, and icons, and anything else you'd like.
- Add the ability to flag an existing feedback entry for further review on the /admin view
- Deploy your project to Heroku -- you'll need to read the special instructions for building and deploying with these apps!

Commit message:

Reset data when 'Leave New Feedback' button is clicked on Success Page

README.md, after:

#  Feedback Form


>The project is a feedback form for users of a class to fill out after each class. The user will be instructed to enter their feedback score and will be taken through different pages with different questions. When all forms have been filled out the user will be able to review everything they entered before submitting. Once submitting, their data will be stored in a database, they will be thanked, then looped back to the first, main page.

### SETUP

Create your database and tables using the provided `data.sql` file. Start the server.

```
npm install
npm run server
```

Now that the server is running, open a new terminal tab with `cmd + t` and start the react client app.

```
npm run client
```

### ADD NEW FEEDBACK

> NOTE: As a baseline requirement, you must use Redux to store your data across views.

Create a multi-part form that allows users to leave feedback for today. 
There will be 4 views for the form parts.

The parts:
- How are you feeling today?
![feeling](wireframes/feeling.png)
- How well are you understanding the content?
![understanding](wireframes/understanding.png)
- How well are you being supported?
![support](wireframes/supported.png)
- Any comments you want to leave?
![comments](wireframes/comments.png)

While there is no nav bar, each part of the form should be at its own route. Clicking next should move the user to the appropriate step in the process.

### Input Validation

Each step should only allow the user to advance to the next step if a score was provided. Be sure to tell the user in some way that a value must be provided.

The `Comments` step does not need to be validated, an empty value is okay.

## THE REVIEW COMPONENT

The last step of the process will allow the user to review their feedback. Users are not able to change their input on this step or go back for Base Mode. 

![comments](wireframes/review-active.png)

## SUBMIT THE FEEDBACK

The `Review` step needs to have a submit button which will be clicked on to actually submit the completed feedback to the server.

When the submit button is clicked, save the submission in the database. The user should see a submission success page. They can then click the button to take a new survey, which needs to reset all the data and go back to the first step.

![understanding](wireframes/page-five.png)


## STRETCH GOALS

> NOTE: These stretch goals are intended to be completed in order.

### UPDATE SCORES

Allow the user to go back to a previous step and change their score. You still need to disallow empty values!


### ADMIN SECTION

Display all of the existing feedback at the route `/admin`. The most recently added feedback should appear at the top of the list. Allow the user to delete existing feedback. Prompt the user to confirm prior to deleting the feedback from the database.

![display feedback](wireframes/admin.png)

### OTHER FEATURES

- Update this README.md to describe the project in your own words
- Improve the styling of the app using Material-UI theme, cards, snackbars, buttons, nav bar, and icons, and anything else you'd like.
- Add the ability to flag an existing feedback entry for further review on the /admin view
- Deploy your project to Heroku -- you'll need to read the special instructions for building and deploying with these apps!
